For Beginners – Learning to See
给初学者 - 学会观察
A Post By: Dale Wilson


A granite shoreline on a local lake offers endless opportunities for images.
Photography is about vision – real or perceived.
一条当地湖泊的花岗岩沿岸可能蕴含无限个潜在好照片. 摄影和景象(真实或感知)息息相关

Before we take the camera out of the bag we must first learn to look at what we are seeing, and to see at which we are looking.
在我们把摄像机从包里拎出来之前, 我们首先要做的, 是看见我们眼前的东西, 并且观察我们所看见的.

Often times beginning photographers will stop dead in their tracks and in haste put the camera to their eye. Then the search begins, the human form will go through contortions resembling those of Gumby and Pokey while the lens is zoomed in and out, raised up and down, and enough gadgets are incorporated to leave any mechanical engineer in awe.
很多时候, 初学者会突然停下来, 匆忙的把摄像头抬到眼前, 然后便开始了"大搜查". 他们身形弯曲犹如岗比和波基, 镜头伸缩, 上下试探, 拿出的小玩意儿足以让机械工程师敬畏不已.

The fact of the matter is that once we have recognized a scene worthy of photographing, the one element that often fails in the process is the inability to see, to really see, what it was that stopped us in the first place.  Once the camera is raised to the eye you should be looking at what it was that you had earlier seen, thus, the camera simply becomes a mechanical device to record the image that the grey matter located four-inches behind the viewfinder has already registered.
然而常见的事实是, 我们遇到想拍的场景, 却不能发现我们真正看到的东西, 不能发现到底一开始是什么东西让我们驻足. 一旦摄影机被举起, 你应当做的就是找到你一开始被吸引的东西, 那东西早已印入四英寸之后的大脑灰质里了, 而摄影机此时不过是一个记录那东西的工具而已.

So, “how do we learn to see,” you might ask?
"怎么学习去观察呢," 你不禁要问?

This is a million dollar question, and hopefully, the answer is one that you will chase for as long as you are physically able to hold a camera. As we learn to see we incorporate a vision or style, and as you journey along this wonderful path you will find that you will revisit that same subject in a different light as your vision and style evolves. This is healthy and shows a maturity and progression.
这个问题不好回答, 也希望在你整个摄影生涯中你能一直保持对其答案不断的寻索. 在你寻索的过程中, 你可能会发展出特定的风格, 而且随着你风格的演化同样的主题也随之演化. 这昭示着成熟和进步.

But first we must give our eyes exercises so the act of seeing becomes an intuitive process.
但是, 我们首先必须让眼睛得到足够的锻炼, 以便让观察成为一个直觉.

As we learn to read, we read slowly by studying each syllable of each word, and annunciating those syllables aloud. As our reading skill improves we learn to read silently, and eventually will often be speed-reading by skipping or scanning words in our left-to-right habit instilled form. We don’t see every word, we just intuitively know what noun, verb or adjective is next simply by scanning that line.
我们学习阅读的时候, 先是慢慢的学习每个单词的每个音节, 然后大声的念出来. 随着阅读技巧的提高, 我们开始无声的阅读, 最终便是习惯性的从左到右扫描跳进似的速读. 我们并不去观察每个单词, 只是扫描这行文字, 直觉的知道下一个名词, 动词或是形容词.

This is a problem for the new photographer. For years we have trained ourselves to not only read, but also to look from left-to-right, and as such we often skip over pertinent details.
而这, 确实初学摄影者的一个问题. 多年以来我们一直训练自己不仅阅读, 而且从左到右的阅读, 还经常忽略一些相干的细节.


A backyard garden is a prefect training ground for the nature photographer. Get down low and study those flowers to see what surprises may be waiting.
对于自然摄影者来说, 后院是个很好的演练场. 低下身仔细观察那些花朵, 可能又惊喜等着你.


One of the first tricks I learned many years ago had nothing to do with photography, but was drilled into me by an army sergeant. It only took a few smacks up the back of my head to learn how to look from right-to-left when scanning a landscape in an effort to see the hidden “enemy” in our mock battles. This process of reverse reading forced me to slow down and read each tree as if it were a syllable I was seeing for the first time. Even today, about thirty years after I called that sergeant every adjective not found in a descent dictionary, I still find myself scanning a landscape from right-to-left.
我学到的第一个技巧跟摄影无关, 而是让一个军队教官练出来的. 教官拍着我的后脑, 教会我们如何从右向左的观察地形, 以便发现模拟战场里潜藏的"敌人". 这个反向阅读的过程, 强迫我慢慢的观察每一个树丛, 就像阅读每一个音节一样. 直到 30 度年后的今天, 我依然发现我在观察地形时习惯未改.

If you don’t believe this will help in your visual acuity, just read the first line of any paragraph in this column. Notice how your eyes skip and jump ahead of what your mind is absorbing? Now read that same line from right-to-left, I’ll bet you are even turning your head with your eyes as you slowly study each word.
如果你不相信这会让你视觉更敏锐, 那就试试阅读本文每段的第一行, 注意你是怎么跳着略过一些细节的吗? 现在从右往左的读同一行, 我敢保证你甚至要歪着头去慢慢观察每个单词.

Now put this skill to practise. When you are out at your backyard bird feeder, or at the neighbourhood park, start scanning those trees looking for birds from right-to-left. Soon this will become an intuitive process, and you will see more birds in the forest or spiders on flowers than you ever imagined. Only by seeing that bird or spider can you then make a picture of it.
现在, 把这个技巧用于实践. 当你在后院或者临街公园的时候, 试着从右往左的去书上寻找鸟儿. 很快这就会成为你的直觉, 你将会从树上或者花朵里找到你从想象不到如此多的鸟儿和蜘蛛.

As the great purveyor of quotes, professional baseball player Yogi Berra, once said: “You can observe a lot by just looking around.”
就跟著名的名言供应商, 专业棒球运动员 Yogi Berra 所说: "看看周围, 你就能观察到很多事儿".


By training our imagination at the same time as our eyes, a whole new world of opportunities can open. This lake is a centuries-old canoe route for the indigenous aboriginal community. By rotating the image I imagined the Great Earth Mother with arms and hands holding her pelvis and the unborn child in her womb.
在训练眼睛的同时训练想象力, 将会为我们打开另一个崭新的世界. 这个湖百年来都是土著居民的泛舟路线. 我把图像旋转 90 度, 想象着具有双臂的大地母亲搂着自己的骨盆和未降生的孩子.

See the Full Learning to See Series
Learning to See – Part 1
Learning to See – Part 2
Learning to See – Part 3
Learning to See – Part 4
Learning to See – Part 5
Learning to See – Part 6
Learning to See – Part 7
Learning to See – Part 8
Learning to See – Part 9
Learning to See – Part 10
Learning to See – Final